# Fairytales-by-a-Neural-Network
Brother Grim fairytale generated by Neural network that used all 209 Brothers Grim Fairytales for training.

## About this Project
I continue to train the network and post stories on every epoch 50 interval (First 50 then 100, 150...) to see how the text changes.
I do replace the generated \' and \n symbols with their correct representation, meaning \' = ' and \n = newline. 
Other than that I keep the text the same.
The story lenght is set at 6878 characters since this is the average length for grim fairy tails.

## File Info
The Story filename represents at which epoch they were created **<EPOCH>.txt**, ex. **50.txt** was created at epoch 50.
The File **Last epoch.txt** contains the last epoch after a training session, ex. before training 100 and after training 150 which then gets updated in this file.
You can calculate the training time in minutes by just: `LastEpoch / 50 * 50m`

## Stats
* Graphics Card: NVIDIA GTX 770
* Epochs per Training session: 50
* Time per Training session: 50min

## Commands used and settings
### Training
`python train.py --data_dir=./data/grim --batch_size=50 --seq_length=100 --rnn_size=256 --init_from=./save`

### Sample (new story)
`python sample.py -n=6878 --sample=1 >> story.txt`

## Used resources
* Blog about RNN: http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/
* Multi-layer Recurrent Neural Networks (LSTM, RNN) for character-level language models in Python using Tensorflow: https://github.com/sherjilozair/char-rnn-tensorflow
* This book contains 209 tales collected by the brothers Grimm: https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~spok/grimmtmp/